initial pull request for Uptycs-DataDog integration (#2046)
DataDog/integrations-extras: uptycs/README.md

# Uptycs

## Overview

> Uptycs mitigates risk by prioritizing your responses to threats, vulnerabilities, misconfigurations, sensitive data exposure, and compliance requirements across your modern attack surface - all accessible through a single user interface and data model. This includes the capability to correlate threat activity as it traverses on-prem and cloud boundaries, providing a more comprehensive enterprise-wide security posture. Looking for acronym coverage? We've got you covered with CNAPP, CWPP, CSPM, KSPM, CIEM, CDR, and XDR. Start with your Detection Cloud, utilize Google-like search, and the attack surface coverage you need today. Stay prepared for what lies ahead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uptycs mitigates risk by prioritizing your responses to threats, vulnerabilities, misconfigurations, sensitive data exposure, and compliance requirements across your modern attack surface, making this information accessible through a single user interface and data model. This includes the capability to correlate threat activity as it traverses on-premises and cloud boundaries, providing a comprehensive enterprise-wide security posture. 

Looking for acronym coverage? We've got you covered with CNAPP, CWPP, CSPM, KSPM, CIEM, CDR, and XDR. Start with your Detection Cloud, utilize Google-like search, and setup the attack surface coverage you need today. 
```

> For more, please visit [the Uptycs website][1]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more, please visit [the Uptycs website][1].
```

> The Uptycs integration enables you to ingest your Uptycs alerts and detection into Datadog events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Uptycs integration enables you to ingest your Uptycs alerts and detections into Datadog events.
```

### Alert Details

Each alert contains the following main components:
   1. Title
   2. Description
   3. Id: Uptycs alert ID.
   4. Uptycs alert code.
   5. Alert severity.
   6. Alert key and value.
   7. Asset details: Asset ID and host name.
   8. Uptycs URL to navigate to the Uptycs platform.

### Detection Details

Each detection contains the following main components:
   1. Title or Name
   2. Id: Uptycs detection ID.
   3. Score: Uptycs calculated score.
   4. Alerts: List of Alerts associated with the detection.
   5. Events: List of Events associated with the detection.
   5. Attack Matrix: Techniques associated with the alerts and events.
   7. Asset details: Asset ID and host name.
   8. Uptycs URL to navigate to the Uptycs platform.

## Setup

> To set up this integration, you must have an Uptycs account. If you are not an Uptycs customer, please [Contact Us][2] for an Uptycs account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up this integration, you must have an Uptycs account. If you are not an Uptycs customer, [contact us][2] for an Uptycs account.
```

You'll also need Datadog API keys.

### Configuration

1. Create a [Datadog API key][3].
2. Create a Datadog Integration Destination on the Uptycs platform using your Datadog API key:
   1. Go to Configuration > Destinations.
   2. Click on New destination.
   3. Select **Datadog** destination type.

>    4. Provide a name for the destination, your Datadog domain, and your API Key. You can also add custom templates for alerts or detections in the template field.
> 
>       ![Integration setup part 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/uptycs/images/integration_setup_1.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   4. Provide a name for the destination, your Datadog domain, and your API key. You can also add custom templates for alerts or detections in the template field.

      ![Integration setup part 1][4]
```

   5. Click **Save**.
3. Once the destination is set up, create a forwarding rule for it.
   1. Go to Configuration > Detection Forwarding Rules > New rule
   2. Provide a name and description, then choose the relevant criteria for the rule.
   3. In the 'Destinations' options, select the newly created destination.

>       ![Integration setup part 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/uptycs/images/integration_setup_2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ![Integration setup part 2][5]
```

   4. Select Enable Rule and click **Save**.
4. The created destination can be used for alert forwarding.
   1. Go to Configuration > Alert Rules.
   2. Select an Alert Rule or bulk select several rules.
   3. In the 'Destinations' options, select the newly created destination.
   4. Select the options for 'Notify on Every Alert' and 'Close After Delivery'.

>       ![Integration Setup part 3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/uptycs/images/integration_setup_3.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ![Integration Setup part 3][6]
```

   5. Click **Save**.
6. Once Uptycs generates an alert or detection, it will be delivered as a Datadog Event.

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [support@uptycs.com](mailto:support@uptycs.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Support][7].
```

[1]: https://www.uptycs.com
[2]: https://www.uptycs.com/about/contact/

> [3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/#add-an-api-key-or-client-token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/#add-an-api-key-or-client-token
[4]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/uptycs/images/integration_setup_1.png
[5]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/uptycs/images/integration_setup_2.png
[6]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/uptycs/images/integration_setup_3.png
[7]: mailto:support@uptycs.com
```

# Uptycs

## Overview

Uptycs mitigates risk by prioritizing your responses to threats, vulnerabilities, misconfigurations, sensitive data exposure, and compliance requirements across your modern attack surface — all accessible through a single user interface and data model. This includes the capability to correlate threat activity as it traverses on-prem and cloud boundaries, providing a more comprehensive enterprise-wide security posture. Looking for acronym coverage? We've got you covered with CNAPP, CWPP, CSPM, KSPM, CIEM, CDR, and XDR. Start with your Detection Cloud, utilize Google-like search, and the attack surface coverage you need today. Stay prepared for what lies ahead.

For more, please visit: [Uptycs][1]

> The [Uptycs][1] integration enables you to ingest your Uptycs alerts and detection into Datadog events. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Uptycs][1] integration enables you to ingest your Uptycs alerts and detection into Datadog events. 

```

Author: updated

### Alert Details

Each alert contains the following main components:
   1. Title
   2. Description
   3. Id: Uptycs alert ID.
   4. Uptycs alert code.
   5. Alert severity.
   6. Alert key and value.
   7. Asset details: Asset id and host name.
   8. Uptycs URL to navigate to the Uptycs platform.

### Detection Details

Each detection contains the following main components:
   1. Title or Name
   2. Id: Uptycs detection ID.
   3. Score: Uptycs calculated score.
   4. Alerts: List of Alerts associated with the detection.
   5. Events: List of Events associated with the detection.
   5. Attack Matrix: Techniques associated with the alerts and events.

>    7. Asset details: Asset id and host name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   7. Asset details: Asset ID and host name.
```

Author: updated

   8. Uptycs URL to navigate to the Uptycs platform.

## Setup

> To set up this integration, you must have an Uptycs account. If you are not an Uptycs customers, please [Contact Us][2] for an Uptycs account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set up this integration, you must have an Uptycs account. If you are not an Uptycs customer, please [Contact Us][2] for an Uptycs account.
```

Author: updated

> You'll also need Datadog API keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You'll also need Datadog API keys.

```

Author: updated

### Configuration

1. Create a [Datadog API key][3].

> 2. Create a Datadog Integration Destination on Uptycs platform with Datadog API keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Create a Datadog Integration Destination on the Uptycs platform using your Datadog API key.
```

>    1. Go to the Configuration > Destinations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1. Go to Configuration > Destinations.
```

   2. Click on New destination.

>    3. Select DataDog destination type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   3. Select **Datadog** as the destination type.
```

>    3. Provide a name, the DataDog domain, the API Key. Your can also add custom template for alert or detection in the template field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   3. Provide a name for the destination, your Datadog domain, and your API Key. You can also add custom templates for alerts or detections in the template field.
```

>       ![my screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/uptycs/images/integration_setup_1.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      ![Integration setup part 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/uptycs/images/integration_setup_1.png)
```

>    4. Click **save**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   4. Click **Save**.
   
```

> 3. Now that the destination is set up, let's create forwarding rule for it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Once the destination is set up, create a forwarding rule for it. 
```

   1. Go to Configuration > Detection Forwarding Rules > New rule

>    2. Provide a name, description, and choose the relevant criteria for the rule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   2. Provide a name and description, then choose the relevant criteria for the rule.
```

>    3. Select the created destination in the Destinations options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   3. In the 'Destinations' options, select the newly created destination.
```

>       ![my screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/uptycs/images/integration_setup_2.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      ![Integration setup part 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/uptycs/images/integration_setup_2.png)
```

>    4. Select Enable Rule and click **save**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   4. Select Enable Rule and click **Save**.
   
```

> 4. The Created destination can be used for alert forwarding.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. The created destination can be used for alert forwarding.
```

   1. Go to Configuration > Alert Rules.
   2. Select an Alert Rule or bulk select several rules.
   3. Select the created destination in the 'Destinations' options.

>    4. Select options 'Notify on Every Alert', 'Close After Delivery'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   4. Select the options for 'Notify on Every Alert' and 'Close After Delivery'.
```

>       ![my screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/uptycs/images/integration_setup_3.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      ![Integration Setup part 3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/uptycs/images/integration_setup_3.png)
```

>    5. Click **save**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   5. Click **Save**.
   
```

> 6. Once Uptycs generates an alert or detection, it will be delivered as a DataDog Event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Once Uptycs generates an alert or detection, it will be delivered as a Datadog Event.
```

# Uptycs

## Overview

Uptycs mitigates risk by prioritizing your responses to threats, vulnerabilities, misconfigurations, sensitive data exposure, and compliance requirements across your modern attack surface - all accessible through a single user interface and data model. This includes the capability to correlate threat activity as it traverses on-prem and cloud boundaries, providing a more comprehensive enterprise-wide security posture. Looking for acronym coverage? We've got you covered with CNAPP, CWPP, CSPM, KSPM, CIEM, CDR, and XDR. Start with your Detection Cloud, utilize Google-like search, and the attack surface coverage you need today. Stay prepared for what lies ahead.

> For more, please visit: [Uptycs][1]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more, please visit [the Uptycs website][1].
```

> The [Uptycs][1] integration enables you to ingest your Uptycs alerts and detection into Datadog events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Uptycs integration enables you to ingest your Uptycs alerts and detection into Datadog events.
```

### Alert Details

Each alert contains the following main components:
   1. Title
   2. Description
   3. Id: Uptycs alert ID.
   4. Uptycs alert code.
   5. Alert severity.
   6. Alert key and value.
   7. Asset details: Asset ID and host name.
   8. Uptycs URL to navigate to the Uptycs platform.

### Detection Details

Each detection contains the following main components:
   1. Title or Name
   2. Id: Uptycs detection ID.
   3. Score: Uptycs calculated score.
   4. Alerts: List of Alerts associated with the detection.
   5. Events: List of Events associated with the detection.
   5. Attack Matrix: Techniques associated with the alerts and events.
   7. Asset details: Asset ID and host name.
   8. Uptycs URL to navigate to the Uptycs platform.

## Setup

To set up this integration, you must have an Uptycs account. If you are not an Uptycs customer, please [Contact Us][2] for an Uptycs account.
You'll also need Datadog API keys.

### Configuration

1. Create a [Datadog API key][3].

> 2. Create a Datadog Integration Destination on the Uptycs platform using your Datadog API key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Create a Datadog Integration Destination on the Uptycs platform using your Datadog API key:
```

   5. Click **Save**.
3. Once the destination is set up, create a forwarding rule for it.
   1. Go to Configuration > Detection Forwarding Rules > New rule
   2. Provide a name and description, then choose the relevant criteria for the rule.
   3. In the 'Destinations' options, select the newly created destination.

      ![Integration setup part 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/uptycs/images/integration_setup_2.png)

   4. Select Enable Rule and click **Save**.
4. The created destination can be used for alert forwarding.
   1. Go to Configuration > Alert Rules.
   2. Select an Alert Rule or bulk select several rules.
   3. In the 'Destinations' options, select the newly created destination.
   4. Select the options for 'Notify on Every Alert' and 'Close After Delivery'.

      ![Integration Setup part 3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/uptycs/images/integration_setup_3.png)

   5. Click **Save**.
6. Once Uptycs generates an alert or detection, it will be delivered as a Datadog Event.

> ### Service Checks
> 
> Uptycs does not include any service checks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This is safe to remove

# Uptycs

## Overview

> Your developer's laptop is just a hop away from cloud infrastructure. Attackers don't think in isolated systems, so why would you rely on fragmented solutions to protect public cloud, private cloud, containers, laptops, and servers? Uptycs mitigates risk by prioritizing your responses to threats, vulnerabilities, misconfigurations, sensitive data exposure, and compliance requirements across your modern attack surface—all accessible through a single user interface and data model. This includes the capability to correlate threat activity as it traverses on-prem and cloud boundaries, providing a more comprehensive enterprise-wide security posture. Looking for acronym coverage? We've got you covered with CNAPP, CWPP, CSPM, KSPM, CIEM, CDR, and XDR. Start with your Detection Cloud, utilize Google-like search, and the attack surface coverage you need today. Stay prepared for what lies ahead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Uptycs mitigates risk by prioritizing your responses to threats, vulnerabilities, misconfigurations, sensitive data exposure, and compliance requirements across your modern attack surface — all accessible through a single user interface and data model. This includes the capability to correlate threat activity as it traverses on-prem and cloud boundaries, providing a more comprehensive enterprise-wide security posture. Looking for acronym coverage? We've got you covered with CNAPP, CWPP, CSPM, KSPM, CIEM, CDR, and XDR. Start with your Detection Cloud, utilize Google-like search, and the attack surface coverage you need today. Stay prepared for what lies ahead.
```
We try to avoid marketing-style language on this repository, so I recommend removing this part.

Author: updated as suggested

For more, please visit: [Uptycs][1]

The [Uptycs][1] integration enables you to ingest your Uptycs alerts and detection into Datadog events. 
## Setup

> To set up this integration, please [Contact Us][2] for an Uptycs account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set up this integration, you must have an Uptycs account. If you are not an Uptycs customers, please [Contact Us][2] for an Uptycs account.
```

Author: updated as suggested.

You'll also need Datadog API keys.

> ### Configuration

Author: @anawishnoff As discussed previously, we checked for feasibility of OAuth. But each customer gets different domain with Uptycs platform. So currently it is not possible. Hence we updated our UI so that users can easily configure DataDog destination for Uptycs alerts and events. Updated the doc and screenshots. Please check.

   5. Click **save**.
3. Now that the destination is set up, let's create forwarding rule for it.
   1. Go to Configuration > Detection Forwarding Rules > New rule
   2. Provide a name, description, and choose the relevant criteria for the rule.
   3. Select the created destination in the Destinations options.

      ![my screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/uptycs/images/integration_setup_3.png)

   4. Select Enable Rule and click **save**.
4. The Created destination can be used for alert forwarding.
   1. Go to Configuration > Alert Rules.
   2. Select an Alert Rule or bulk select several rules.
   3. Select the created destination in the 'Destinations' options.
   4. Select options 'Notify on Every Alert', 'Close After Delivery'.

      ![my screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/uptycs/images/integration_setup_4.png)

   5. Click **save**.
6. Once Uptycs generates an alert or detection, it will be delivered as a DataDog Event.

## Data Collected

Each alert contains the following main components:

>    1. Title: A brief info about the alert.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1. Title
```
Just a suggestion, but I'm not sure if the description is needed here

   2. Description: The description of the alert.
   3. Id: Uptycs alert ID.
   4. Uptycs alert code.
   5. Alert severity.
   6. Alert key and value.
   7. Asset details: Asset id and host name.

>    8. Url: Uptycs url to navigate to the Uptycs platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   8. Url: Uptycs URL to navigate to the Uptycs platform.
```

Author: updated

      ![my screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/uptycs/images/data_collected_2.png)

Each detection contains the following main components:
   1. Title or Name: A brief info about the detection.
   2. Id: Uptycs detection ID.
   3. Score: Uptycs calculated score.
   4. Alerts: List of Alerts associated with the detection.
   5. Events: List of Events associated with the detection.
   5. Attack Matrix: Techniques associated with the alerts and events.
   7. Asset details: Asset id and host name.
   8. Url: Uptycs url to navigate to the Uptycs platform.

>       ![my screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/uptycs/images/data_collected_1.png)

Reviewer 2: The Data Collected tab unfortunately does not support custom content - it will only render the metrics sent in by your integration if metrics are being sent in. I'd recommend placing this in the Overview section instead, under it's own header like `### Alert Details`

Reviewer 2: However, note that inline images will not render under the Overview section. Images can either be added inline to the Setup section, or to the media carousel by adding them to the manifest.json file.

Author: updated
